Doc restructure (#1551)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/single_model_mode.md

# Serving Models {#ovms_docs_serving_model}

Serving a single model is the simplest way to deploy OpenVINO™ Model Server. Only one model is served and the whole configuration is passed via CLI parameters.
Note that changing configuration in runtime while serving a single model is not possible. Serving multiple models requires a configuration file that stores settings for all served models. 
You can add and delete models, as well as update their configurations in runtime, without restarting the model server.

> ## Serving Single Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Serving a Single Model
```

> Before starting the container, make sure you [prepared the model for serving](models_repository.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the container, make sure you have [prepared the model for serving](models_repository.md).
```

Start the model server by running the following command with your parameters: 

```
docker run -d --rm -v <models_repository>:/models -p 9000:9000 -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \
--model_path <path_to_model> --model_name <model_name> --port 9000 --rest_port 9001 --log_level DEBUG
```

> Example using a resnet model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example using a ResNet model:
```

--model_path /models/resnet/ --model_name resnet --port 9000 --rest_port 9001 --log_level DEBUG
```

> The required Model Server parameters are listed below. To learn more about all configuration options, see [Model Server Parameters](parameters.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required Model Server parameters are listed below. For additional configuration options, see the [Model Server Parameters](parameters.md) section.
```

+--------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| `--rest_port`                  | | the REST server port                                                                                                          |
+--------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

@endsphinxdirective

> - Publish the container's port to your host's **open ports**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose the container ports to **open ports** on your host or VM. 
```

- In the command above, port 9000 is exposed for gRPC and port 9001 is exposed for REST API calls.
- Add model_name for the client gRPC/REST API calls.

## Serving Multiple Models 

> To use a container with several models, you need an additional JSON configuration file defining each model. In the file, provide a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve multiple models from the same container you will need an additional JSON configuration file that defines each model. In the config file, you must provide a 
```

> `model_config_list` array that includes a collection of config objects for each served model. The `name` and the `base_path` values of the model are required for every config object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_config_list` array that includes a collection of config objects for each served model. The `name` and the `base_path` values of the model are required for each config object.
```

      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name1",
            "base_path":"/opt/ml/models/model1",
            "batch_size": "16"
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name2",
            "base_path":"/opt/ml/models/model2",
            "batch_size": "auto",
            "model_version_policy": {"all": {}}
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name3",
            "base_path":"gs://bucket/models/model3",
            "model_version_policy": {"specific": { "versions":[1, 3] }},
            "shape": "auto"
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
             "name":"model_name4",
             "base_path":"s3://bucket/models/model4",
             "shape": {
                "input1": "(1,3,200,200)",
                "input2": "(1,3,50,50)"
             },
             "plugin_config": {"CPU_THROUGHPUT_STREAMS": "CPU_THROUGHPUT_AUTO"}
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
             "name":"model_name5",
             "base_path":"s3://bucket/models/model5",
             "shape": "auto",
             "nireq": 32,
             "target_device": "HDDL"
         }
      }
   ]
}
```

> When the Docker container has the config file mounted, it can be started - the command is minimalistic, as arguments are read from the config file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Docker container has the path to your config file mounted, it can be started. This simplifies the `docker run` command, as arguments are now read from the config file. 
```

## Serving Models from Cloud Storage

> Note that models with a cloud storage path require setting specific environmental variables. Learn more in [Using cloud storage](using_cloud_storage.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that models deployed from a cloud storage path require setting specific environmental variables. Learn more in [Using cloud storage](using_cloud_storage.md) documentation.
```

```

docker run --rm -d -v /models/:/opt/ml:ro -p 9001:9001 -p 8001:8001 -v <config.json>:/opt/ml/config.json openvino/model_server:latest \
--config_path /opt/ml/config.json --port 9001 --rest_port 8001

```

## Next Steps

> - Try the model server [features](features.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explore all model serving [features](features.md)
```

> - Explore the model server [demos](../demos/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try the model serving [demos](../demos/README.md)
```

## Additional Resources

> - [Preparing Model Repository](models_repository.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Preparing a Model Repository](models_repository.md)
```

- [Using Cloud Storage](using_cloud_storage.md)
- [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md)

> - [Model server parameters](parameters.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Model Server Parameters](parameters.md)
```
